frontend/README.md, before:

# cloudboi-frontend

Getting started by running `pnpm i` then running `pnpm dev`

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ["./tsconfig.node.json", "./tsconfig.app.json"],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
});
```

- Replace `tseslint.configs.recommended` to `tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked` or `tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked`
- Optionally add `...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and update the config:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import react from "eslint-plugin-react";

export default tseslint.config({
  // Set the react version
  settings: { react: { version: "18.3" } },
  plugins: {
    // Add the react plugin
    react,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended rules
    ...react.configs.recommended.rules,
    ...react.configs["jsx-runtime"].rules,
  },
});
```

Commit message:

add proxy server to make cookie works

frontend/README.md, after:

# cloudboi-frontend

## Getting Started

Getting started by running `pnpm i` then running `pnpm dev`

## Proxy Configuration

The application is configured to work with an Nginx proxy in the Docker setup that combines frontend and backend services under a single domain. This solves cross-domain cookie issues and simplifies the development experience.

### How it Works

1. In Docker, the application is accessed via:
   - Frontend: http://localhost/
   - Backend API: http://localhost/api/

### API Client Generation

The API client is generated from the backend's OpenAPI schema. When running with the proxy:

```bash
# Then generate the client
pnpm gen-client
```

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ["./tsconfig.node.json", "./tsconfig.app.json"],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
});
```

- Replace `tseslint.configs.recommended` to `tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked` or `tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked`
- Optionally add `...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and update the config:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import react from "eslint-plugin-react";

export default tseslint.config({
  // Set the react version
  settings: { react: { version: "18.3" } },
  plugins: {
    // Add the react plugin
    react,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended rules
    ...react.configs.recommended.rules,
    ...react.configs["jsx-runtime"].rules,
  },
});
```
